# VBA Homework: The VBA of Wall Street

## Background

Stockmarket  data is provided in Excel for different stocks across 3 years. The data is provided in multiple sheets and each sheet contains data in multiple columns. These column numbers are not same across the Excel workbook. As we are dealing with a bigger database and this code will be analysing the performance usign the given data for each stock.
### Before You Begin

1. Before you test the Code, use the code generated for the project from repository  called `VBA-challenge`. Also download the data files from the location mentioned below.

2. The code in the VBA file can be used for both Excel files already provided .It can generate output for different sheets without any modifications.

### Files

* [Test Data]("C:\Users\archa\OneDrive\Homework\alphabetical_data") - Use this file for testing the  the scripts for smaller data.

* [Stock Data]("C:\Users\archa\OneDrive\Homework\Multiple_year_stock_data.xlsx) - Use this file for testing the  the scripts for larger data. This usually takes 3-5 minutes.

### Stock Market Analyst- Your output screen will look like as shown in below images

C:\Users\archa\OneDrive\Homework\Week2\image1.jpeg
C:\Users\archa\OneDrive\Homework\Week2\image2.jpeg
C:\Users\archa\OneDrive\Homework\Week2\image3.jpeg


## Instructions

Open your Excel data file which you are using to analyse the stock market data. 
Copy the script you downloaded from the Repository
Now paste the script using the developer -view code-Module in your file
Run the code

You can view the output in your data sheets in your Excel file in different columns
  * The ticker symbol.- Gives information about the individual stock name

  * Yearly change - For each stock name you can see the change from opening price at the beginning of a given year to the closing price at the end of that year.

  *Percent change- For each stock name you can see the percent change from opening price at the beginning of a given year to the closing price at the end of that year.

  * The total stock volume of the stock returns the total volume of each different stock for each data sheet provided.

**Note:** This code used the conditional formatting that will highlight positive change in green and negative change in red.

The result should match the following image:

!C:\Users\archa\OneDrive\Homework\Week2\image1.jpeg
C:\Users\archa\OneDrive\Homework\Week2\image2.jpeg
C:\Users\archa\OneDrive\Homework\Week2\image3.jpeg




## Other Considerations

* Detailed analysis of the scripting is provided in the data file


## References

* Dataset generated by Trilogy Education Services, LLC.

- - -

© 2022 Trilogy Education Services, a 2U, Inc. brand. All Rights Reserved.


